Documentation Update 1.9 (#25)
bimdata/documentation: src/viewer/reference/native_plugins.md

| `selectOnClick: boolean`                                                                                               | **Default** to `true`. If true, clicking an object select it.                                                                                                   |
| `highlightOnHover: boolean`                                                                                            | **Default** to `true`. If true, hovering an object highlight it.                                                                                                |
| `viewer: E2D.Viewer`                                                                                                   | The [engine 2D viewer](https://2d-engine.bimdata.io).                                                                                                           |
| `hideAll(): void`                                                                                                      | Hide all objects.                                                                         |

## Viewer DXF

> Same api as the [DWG viewer](#viewer-dwg).

Reviewer: The event are also `dwg-model-loaded` for DXF ?

Author: Not after https://github.com/bimdata/viewer/pull/783 merged :P

Author: I update the doc before it ;)

A plugin as un button that allows to configure door openings and space names.
Parameters are saved in local storage

# Viewer plugins

It is possible to configure the UI of plugins displayed as viewer (viewer 3d, viewer 2d, viewer plan, viewer dwg, viewer dxf):

| Property      | Description                                                                                                                                |
| :------------ | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `modelLoader` | Can be `hidden` or `disabled`. If `hidden`, models will be loaded but the list won't be shown. If `diabled`, the model wont be loaded too. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `modelLoader` | Can be `"hidden"` or `"disabled"`. If `hidden`, the component isn't shown but it will load models defined in the viewer parameters. If `disabled`, the models won't be loaded and you must load them manually |
```
